Gopher Types.

Gopher menus contain a variety of different types of content.  This help article lists which ones Zoxenpher supports and how to use them. Note that some gopher types have diffrent icons depending on context. take a moment to familiarize yourself with these.

pmenu	/	about:menuicn.png	70
type 1: a gopher menu. gopher menus are the lists of items (selectors) that make up the gopher world.

pmenuremote	/	about:menuremoteicn.png	70
This icon is the same as the normal menu icon, but indicates a menu on a different server. hence the arrow. Its worth noting that they are the same type.

pmenuinternal	/	about:menuinticn.png	70
Virtual menu provided internally by zoxenpher. such as this help page, and the "about:splash" page.

pmenuroot	/	about:menurooticn.png	70
The current server's root menu. note that this icon in specific can also be seen in the bookmarks manager.

ptext	/	about:texticon.png	70
type 0: a text document. This type will behave the same as menus. leftclick=same window, rightclick=new window.

pquery	/	about:queryicon.png	70
type 7: index search. Clicking on these will bring up a query box. Enter your query and press return/enter, and a new gopher menu window will open when your results have been loaded from the remote server.

pimage	/	about:imageicon.png	70
type g/p/I: This is an image, though when preview is enabled (first 10 images by default), the image itself will appear instead, otherwise, you can click on the image links to open them in a dedicated image viewer window.

psound	/	about:soundicn.png	70
type s: Sound file. Sounds are played using pygame's music support.
Note: zoxenpher will only play ONE sound at a time, but you may have multiple sound players open.
Note: the music will stop when you close a sound player window.
Note: The sound player must download the FILE /before/ it can play it. This may be fixed in the future.
Note: format support will vary depending on what music/sound formats your pygame instalation supports.

perror	/	about:erroricn.png	70
type 3: Oops... This special type is not one your supposed to see. That is, it only appears when the gopher server has an error, as it is an error code. The accompanying text might help discern what happened.


1Return to help menu	/	about:help	70

Not yet supported:

These gopher types have support of some sort planned, but this support isn't yet working. Their labels will be prefixed with "[NS]"
In addition, unknown gopher types will be prefixed with "[NS:x]" where x is the gopher type.


pweb	/	about:webicn.png	70
type h: basic support for opening a web browser specified in configuration, is planned.

pbinary	/	about:binicn.png	70
type 9: downloading support will be added when a suitable solution is found. such as a configuration option to use a dedicated downloader.